# Merchandise Web Scraper

This project was designed to scrape and determine the inventory of a website.  The scraped html is saved in an S3 bucket
using a Lambda function.  The html is then pulled and the relevant information is stored in a dynamodb table with a 
second Lambda function.  The code is set to run on a daily basis using the EventBridge scheduler which starts up a 
Step Function to check if the price or inventory has changed, as well as if there are new items available.

New item alerts are generated by email with links for ease of purchase.  The premise of this project was to remove 
the necessity of repeatedly checking a website that doesn't provide notifications of new products.  This will allow 
me to be informed of new releases and not miss them before they sell out.

A second webpage has also been added to this project and the notifications are customized by which page the 
products were scraped from.

### Key Files:
- [Website scraper lambda function](https://github.com/nherman3/merch_scraper/blob/master/lambda_function.py)
- [Processing of html and upload to dynamoDB lambda function](https://github.com/nherman3/merch_scraper/blob/master/soup/deps/lambda_function.py)
- [AWS State Machine code](https://github.com/nherman3/merch_scraper/blob/master/my_state_machine.txt)

### Additional feature to be added in a future update: 
1) Option for users to receive notifications if price of any item is lowered (or item is listed as "on sale").
2) Ability to request a notification for an item whose status changes from "sold out" to "available"

Ideally this project could be extended to other websites but the specific way the information is input to the data table will have to be modified.